There is here, you're in trouble now, you're fucked.
Ooh.
Farrah, you're doing it.
Ms. Hilling, this scumbag, but hands on me and my boy.
You better deal with him.
That's right, Ms. Hilling.
What did Caroline say to you?
Her husband is pretending to be president of the Wharton Group.
And he stole a car and stole Mr. Brown.
Exactly.
He's a fraud.
And he attacked me.
He's a terrorist ruling in our Christmas party.
You should drag him in front of the big boss and have to finish him.
Shut up, you idiot!
No, Ms. Shuey.
You ain't gotta talk to us like that.
I may be the only deputy manager here, but Coney himself called me to arrange this party.
And I have to face.
Sir, I am so sorry.
I should have gotten here sooner.
I was reviewing the accounts you asked me to.
I had no idea these morons would disrespect you like that.
Thank you.
What?
So, he is the president?
Oh my God, even Barrett makes you for president.